Meeting Title: AMN Demo
Date: Jul 7
Meeting participants: Eric Walters

Transcript:
 
Them: Hey everyone. Hello. How was everyone's holiday weekend? Yeah. It was nice. Like every year actually San Francisco is always covered in fog for the 4th of July so we don't really get that summer. Summer barbecue weather. How many hot dogs did you eat? Sorry many hot dogs did you eat? Hot dogs I'm more of a hamburger person. But I had to. And some watermelon of course and corn. All right I think we've got everyone on the Twilio side so the plan today is to pretty much just jump right into the demo that we built. And have you guys share feedback questions like don't be afraid to interrupt us we really actually prefer that you do because we want to make sure that this is something that you guys can impress your boss with hopefully and then I've got some questions I think I'll sprinkle in throughout as we just start to like iron out a little bit more of like how people are using passport and the system and logging in and things like that. So without further ado I will pass the microphone to Eric.  
Me: Thanks, Roslyn. I will go ahead and share my screen here.  
Them: I guess one thing I'd like to just ask has anything changed since we last spoke that we should be aware of. With like okay great.  
Me: Can you all see the screen at this point?  
Them: Yes sir.  
Me: Perfect. Yeah.  
Them: It's split a little bit Eric so it's a little small yeah there we go.  
Me: So. Yeah, I was gonna enlarge this. Just spend about a minute here just to orient us. As Roz mentioned. I'll show you the demo that we built, but by all means as we're moving through something, if something doesn't quite align or you wish it were different for the ultimate demo, let's have that conversation as you see those things pop up. But I just want to give a lay of the land and the demo agenda here for what we're going to work through. So the intention of the demo is to walk through how the Twilio CDP and the communications platform help AMN prevent candidate drop off and accelerate placements. In the funnel. And the way that we'll do that is we'll talk about the segment CDP and how it helps build a real-time behavioral profile. For visitors to the web. We'll talk about application abandonment, how that triggers a journey orchestration in the CDP. And we'll coordinate that with engagement across RCS and an AI powered voice call for the demo. And we'll show kind of a handoff to human recruiters with that complete contextual background that we talked about before. With all of that applicant context. That's so important to ultimately placing an applicant. And along the way, we'll talk about the Twilio conversations. Suite and how it unifies all of those channels like RCS, voice into a single conversation thread. And the summaries and the intelligence that we generate on top of that, particularly two things, which will be summaries of the conversations. And observations made in the conversations. And how those will surface themselves to recruiters across any other context in the enterprise. And just to kind of put a bow on it, we'll show how this is happening in real time. And it's driving context, aware interactions, whether it's an AI agent talking to an applicant or a human touchpoint. That the shared context follows the applicant through the journey. Basically.  
Them: Eric are you going over the your talk track and exactly what you would propose for mark is that what's happening right now?  
Me: Yeah, so I mean, that's how I would describe the agenda. I mean if there are notes or different ways that you would describe it, feel free.  
Them: Yeah just a hot tip this is nothing to do with your content your content's great. Go faster around this like like who we've heard that we know exactly what what we're gonna do he knows what y'all are gonna like we all we got this and he he wants to get right into the the meat as soon as possible so slim that down and just make sure you're hitting on those points because the points you hit on were great but just hit on my as you as you demo he really likes to see things yeah don't don't remove the slide right it is important for him to hear from you you know what the mission and the journey is.  
Me: To just tighten it up.  
Them: Yeah just just tighten it up a little then speed date it right.  
Me: Gotcha.  
Them: And move right on but hit the points right just hit them quick move on.  
Me: Yeah, that's super helpful. I just didn't want to be, I don't want to disorient anybody, but if it seems like what we can be a little less verbose there and tighten that up, that's helpful feedback. Thank you. So let's hop right into what that experience actually looks like from an applicant perspective. And then what AMN can expect to deliver with the suite of tools that we're talking about. So let's start with an initial visitor to the web. What you'll see here left is the demo website that we built and on the right, you're going to see Twilio segment CDP. And what I want you to pay attention to is as an applicant comes into AMN and they start clicking around within the site itself. The segment CDP is collecting those real-time events. And capturing that intent data. So we want us to be able to see when an applicant clicks on a specific role in a specific location. With a specific specialty, for instance, and capture that data in real time and be able to track those behavioral events. In real time Process into the application flow They enter some identifying information here at the beginning. They'll enter in, you know, phone number, name, city, ZIP, profession, that they're interested in, looking for roles in, a specialty, and and potentially, like, a subspecialty here. As well as electing into the consent preferences. So, again, segment is collecting those those intent and behaviors in real time. We're seeing those collected. And, ultimately, what happens in the course of this demo is this applicant abandons. Now we're collecting that application abandon event, and attaching it to a profile within segment. So if we were to go and look at my profile that I've created here for this this hypothetical physician here, we'll see we're collecting things like the profession, the specialty, but also the application abandoned event here. And all of this is happening in real time. Because what it ultimately allows us to do is actually orchestrate a real time journey where we can start communicating with this applicant across channels. So what the journey builder the CDP does is it says, I wanna find anytime somebody abandons an application, and I wanna retarget them via RCS, via Twilio channel, and I wanna kick that off every time someone abandons an app an application. Because I wanna bring them back into the funnel and complete that application. So if we transition over to my mobile, we can see that we're getting a branded communication via RCS. And we're getting actionable, personalized things that we can do as uploading my certifications. And this is going to drive higher engagement and hopefully move people through the funnel quicker. So I could select and opt to upload my certifications at this point. For the purposes of the demo, like, I'm not actually going to upload a cert, but it's very easy to deep link into where the certs would be uploaded and reduce friction there. For the physician in this case. And then let's say as I transition back, I want to talk to a recruiter. I wanna move deeper into the process. So what segment journeys does is it can listen for the interaction on that RCS message and kick off a specific communication. In this case, we're gonna do an outbound voice call to the applicant in order to move them through hopefully place them within a role. So we're gonna see what that call would sound like here. In a moment as this, agent reaches out to me. Hi, Eric. It's great to connect with you. Reaching out to discuss some health care opportunities that match your profile as a physician. How are you doing today? Doing great. I'm glad to hear that. Better assist you, you share what you're looking for in your next position? Are you interested in a travel or staff role? Do you have any specific location preferences shift preferences, or specialty interests? Yeah. I wanna stay local, and I want a staff position. Got it. Staying local and looking for a staff position. Based on your ICU specialty. Have a couple of opportunities that might interest you. There's a critical care physician positioned at Akron Children's Hospital. Which offers a salary between 400,000 and $500,000 per year. And includes an ICU leadership role. Another option is the emergency medicine physician role at Cleveland Clinic Main Yeah. I'm interested in the first one. Can you help me connect to a recruiter on that? Perfect. Me connect you with one of our specialized recruiters who could share all the details about the critical care position. Position and help you get started. Hold on just a moment. So what the outbound voice agent did was it pulled in the context that it's saw from my segment profile, Things like I was interested in an ICU position, that I'm a physician, it knows I wanna stay local to the Cleveland market. And that informed the engagement that it had with me. And then the voice agent is what it's doing is transferring me to the recruiter. So it's ultimately giving me a warm handoff to the recruiter it's going to transfer that contextual data from the segment profile. But what the Twilio platform does in addition to that is it actually combines all of the traffic that's coming across the voice channel, and the RCS channel into a single conversation thread And in addition to that, it's making observations and summaries on top of those data. So it's saying, what we know about Eric. Here's what we recognize from his interaction with us across those channels. And what that allows us to do is actually share that context in the dashboard that the recruiters are working off of. So we'll see here, we'll pull in the most recent context. So as I'm a recruiter having the conversation, with the applicant, I can see the profile data that's pulling in from segment. I can see all of the event lineage coming from segment including the RCS card interactions, the call transferred to recruiter, And then I start to see some really important insights that Twilio is generating on top of those interactions those summary and observations. Giving me additional context to drive the conversation forward, And then if I absolutely needed to, I can see the entire conversation history across RCS and voice here. To as a recruiter to drive the conversation forward. So all of those combined into a single view and dashboard for the recruiters in this case. Wanna pause here. And just field any questions or or thoughts you have on what you've seen so far.  
Them: Really smooth. Overall. I really like how you you switch between things. I never had to, like, wait for stuff to load. You were well prepared, and it just like, can attend for just your professionalism with the demo. I really like that. My question, though, will probably will will will come up and I because I I I like the use of just, like, an know, RCS, like an automation. I I like the combination with you know, AI voice. The voice sounded really nice. The voice kind of started to lean more into kind of you know, active sourcing. And the thread I was expecting to come, and this is this is not a negative call out per se. I'm just letting you know kind of where my brain's going here. Is it to pick up and continue this abandoned application? And it didn't do that. It started to kinda go into sourcing. So I think is is, again, fine because both are are needed. I think what the that kind of opportunity, though, for us is with this profile building. So whether you are an abandoned application or you know, Todd maybe has been with us for years and we're just missing a date of birth for whatever reason, for him, I would want that want an AI agent to be able to collect data and write it back to know, to our CRM before kind of moving forward with the role. Because that's gonna Oh, no. Finish, Tucker. I'm sorry. Was just gonna say with with the the bottleneck that that we create is that we today, we do a good job, I think, of putting jobs in front of our candidates. But then jobs, then they express interest and they go to recruiter. And then we have to, like, oh, wow. We gotta collect information. And we have whole team just collecting information. And I was like, that's that's  
Me: Mhmm.  
Them: silly. A perfect use for AI for either outbound or inbound or what know? And you have a lot of a lot of great, like, like, profile building capabilities with segment, you know, just based on on the engagement. But that that's definitely needed, you know, prior to to getting in touch with recruiters showing how we can say, oh, let me read your profile real quick.  
Me: Okay.  
Them: Cool. We're missing x, y, and z from you, whether that's an abandoned application or, again, just other profile data, whatever. Cool. Let me just level set with you. I'm gonna get you to a recruiter for this role, but we need this information from you before we can proceed.  
Me: That's super helpful. And I think we could certainly for the demo, we could fine tune the agent to to lean more in that direction. That's that's just a matter of how I kind of prompted it, I guess, is is an easy way to say that.  
Them: Yeah. That that was my observation too. You you quickly escalated right, to the recruiter what what we don't want. Right? We we do want that escalation case but to Tucker's point, I I'd add four, five different steps in there of things that you're going to gather using that AI worker directly engaged with that clinician of gathering and filling out those fields show it on the screen, boom boom boom boom boom. Oh, well, we don't have this. We don't have that. We don't have this. We need this. We need that. Oh, and now we'll get you to a recruiter. But that's gonna show out  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: But the voice was good. Like, your your presentation was good. Loved it.  
Me: Okay.  
Them: Add those things, and you'll be a rock star on that topic. The pace Is the pace okay? Great. Easy to follow. Yeah. I do  
Me: That so so it's okay. I so it's okay if the voice call is a little longer as long as we're collecting that that valuable information. Like, that's that's important to show. Okay.  
Them: Absolutely. And and show it populating on the screen.  
Me: Okay.  
Them: That in real time.  
Me: Okay.  
Them: Right? In in a in a component of this that we really haven't touched on, but if you wanted to verbally touch on is is be kind of interesting is, like, you know, developing a lot of recruiter trust in this. Too. Because today, we send out a lot of bottom like, it's nothing to send an automation job alert. Right? And then get them in touch with the recruiter. We could do that today. Are doing that today. But recruiters are gonna find benefit of this and lean more towards this technology and trust it more and encourage their candidates trust it more when they're getting a lot out. Of it. So if we're taking off all this busy work off of recruiters' plate and we're just handing them a fully, you know, completed and developed candidate ready for them to send to a a client, that is a game changer both in the in the candidate's experience, but also in the recruiter's experience. And that that's that's that's amazing. I think that would be that would be a cool just, like, tidbit of info to speak to.  
Me: Perfect. Thank you for that feedback. That's super helpful, and I think it's certainly very doable. It's just a matter of now that I have that context, I can go and refine this a little bit.  
Them: I don't know if you guys have these numbers, but what percentage of candidates are like, unique candidate pro profiles being created? Every day versus, preexisting candidates. So on I'll give you passports information just because that's that's a bulk of stuff. We have you know, thousands of of new passport accounts being created, you know, less than 10,000, I'll just say, but created every month. Okay. But then we have you know, tens of thousands of candidates engaged in Passport. You know, every every single month. So there's a there's obviously a larger quantity always. It's gonna be engaged that we that are returning candidates. But net new are important, you know, Kyle Kyle and I have, have interesting views on this. But, like, like, the the the reason net new are special is because of their intent. Mhmm. It's it's a very easy way for us to intent. People are warm. People are willing to go. So if we can prioritize those, the the theory is we can move forward much faster. Like, the conversion is faster for net new versus that are existing in Passport. Correct. My my argument to that a little bit is that, like, like, you have people that are looking for a job and actively applying for a job and already willing to give us a lot of information, it's much easier to just ask them for, like, one or two things more for sure. But if you have something if you have a a group of candidates that have worked with us before and now we're asking for you know, three new pieces of information, and they've known us for three years. Be a little bit more ticked off to have to, like, go dig up you know, stuff to get us before they have to get on assignment too. So it's it's needing to make both of those experiences, both of those, like, engines run really smoothly. Mhmm. Thank you. That's helpful.  
Me: Yeah. Thank you for the feedback.  
Them: Yep.  
Me: And then, really, I mean, that's the that that's the bulk of it. I think the where where we closed the loop here, is we do this you know, it's sort of simplistic here in this case because it's a demo, but let's say we complete the placement event comes into segment in real time. And then you know, we're we're kicking off and orchestrating actually, an email trigger here Once placement is complete, we're sending a dynamic email template with the details about that placement. All orchestrated via this journey. So the idea is we can orchestrate email, voice call, RCS, retain the profile context whilst while continuously updating that profile. And then pushing updates to CRM and all of that. All within you know, the CDP, which is the brain of of this operation. Then delivering that whatever that you know, final step within the journey is to for the applicant to take the next  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: the next steps, whatever that is.  
Them: Yeah. I  
Me: So go ahead.  
Them: sorry. I I just thought of two other things. Like, segments like top tier. Right? I'm always very impressed with with segments capabilities. I think something I didn't see and maybe would like to is a chat like a like a like a mobile or a web chat experience versus you know, texting RCS versus what voice. And then I know something else Mark will ask is when you go to your recruiter dashboard, kind of view you you mock up is, you know, what what you know, what we obviously have a a homegrown you know, Amy that that recruiters use or we use Salesforce some other folks is how easy would it be to embed some of these, like, AI in insights or or some of this call history, like, a little bit more kind tech for just thinking, like, resources and and need a little more effort into to getting that embedded into our our CRM  
Me: Yeah. We could certainly get into you know, whether we push or you wanna pull via the API. Like, there's there's lots of flexibility here and extensibility with the platform. So we can do that On the on the chat piece, I know you mentioned, like, for the for, like, the form you know, that being a little more chat oriented. I I guess I was just wondering, like, what for the demo, like, what would the expectation be that the the chat is pulling, like, the profile context and and driving part of the conversation? There. Is that would that be, an ideal state? And then it collecting some information and then the voice collecting other supplemental information, or what does that look like in ideal state?  
Them: Yeah. So, maybe two different experiences based on the the candidate type. So net new candidates we don't have your info. Right? We're we're coming into our system. You're coming into the website. In your flow today, you hit the nail on the head that there is that kind of, like, you know, opt in, you know, part of the form. I don't need that to be a chat experience. That's just your your name and phone number and, you know, basic data. Great. Then you needed to opt in. From there, I like it to go more into a kind of chat, like, parser versus a, you know, 16 form fill that people, you know, abandon today and need to need to, you know, upload certain documents and other things. Let's upload a resume parser. Great. We see all this about you. Let's start asking you a couple other questions. You can do it via voice, via chat. Like, you know, or whatever, or or you can just continue the chat. Then maybe they abandon that, and then you go into your RC as well. Another that that one's obviously not calling any kind of profile data because they're net new and you're we're creating the profile real time in that case. The other audience that would call ProPodera is for a large large number of our population is on payment password. That's our mobile app. NAS locums for physicians, etcetera. So if you're logged in to Passport, I know who you are. You know? I know all your history right then and there, and that's more of just let's help you find a job.  
Me: Mhmm.  
Them: Let's help you complete your profile. Let's, you know, help you with your time sheet or whatever. Kind of thing we can easily chat with you about to away from you having to go to a credential analyst or recruiter or customer support agent or all these various teams. It's just one single chat in our mobile app would be something we definitely wanna move towards.  
Me: Okay. Yeah. The so I think some of some of what you just mentioned is maybe not in our core competency as far as, like, like, resume parsing and and things of that nature. What I'm wondering if, like, is there is there a a way for the demo to just show, like, here's the context we have at every step of of the flow, whether it's a chat interface, or we're parsing something, You know, here's what we do know about the the applicant at this point in the process. Without needing to, like, you know, build something that's not quite part of we're we're we're all we really are is the content layer within those within those things. Right? So is does that make sense? Like, I which we're kind of demonstrating in other places. So I'm just I just wanna make sure that with limited time, we're spending it in the areas where we can actually show what context we're delivering. And not as much building on things that aren't necessarily our core competency or or things that we build natively, if that makes sense.  
Them: I mean, I I I don't want you to you know, make things up if if if not gonna be something, you know, we can we can build with you guys, and and we'll need to you know, build it in house and then just just use  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: you guys for the, you know, intelligence on there with all of this. That's that is just maybe a call out. Tucker, what product are we using today for that? Or is that development related activities that we're talking about here? Yeah. We we use, like, Unify we use, like, Unify apps. Currently for some, like, chat chat features. With API calls to you know, various things. So this this I guess, we would just con continue to to use or build things natively for those kind of features and and and utilize segment for the intelligence later behind it. How heavily is chat used today by the recruiters? Or AI? Sorry. I'm I'm talking about external chat. Like a candidate chat. So not not not by a candidate. Like a support chat. Sure. Or for, like, job search or for application completion. We're working through one. We're working through a couple right now for the website. And they're working through one for passport too. So nothing live today, but well, actually, is a customer support chat live today with Genesys. But Oh. So I'm having a hard time understanding Rosalyn, and team, what you can't support around the chat component, I guess. I No. I I don't think we're saying we can't support. Competency of your product. No. We we can support chat. Chat is, like, one of the first products that we launched at Twilio. I I think where the questions are around, like, the resume builder Yeah. Like, building out a resume is not really like, we don't have a Are they building out a resume? Are you simply inquiring that there are fields in something that don't exist that you're asking them to share information so you can populate it. Tougher I'm confused. Sorry. My my my my ask was a resume parser, so it's not not being build building a resume. But if if Kyle were to upload a document we'd be able to just take read the document and then form fill, you know, his application. That that's that's what I was I was after. Like an AI autofill from the chat? Communication with the resume details. Kinda like when you upload your resume to LinkedIn and then LinkedIn populates. Okay. So that's, I think, where we're like, Renita, you're shaking your head. Yeah. I I don't think that's part of our core product set. We can definitely do in app chat. We can do web chat. And we can build put AI into each of those chat features It would be like a custom integration that you would build either with a partner or a professional services to, like, have it Like, I'm not saying it's impossible. It's just, like, we our chat, if you just use the raw API, there's not gonna be, like, a resume parser. Prebuilt as part of that. Let let's let's forget resume parser because I don't I don't want us to go down a rabbit hole of us you know Yeah. You know, like, we can't do anything. Let's just if we can just show a chat experience  
Me: Okay.  
Them: Yeah. Okay. Sure.  
Me: Yes.  
Them: We can tackle resume parser elsewhere, Toby, to put that on the back of our our brain that's not, like, a make or break. You know? Yeah. Like, have customers that do that. But it's it was custom built. Right? Either with their in house developer team or or, so I think what Pernita and Eric were trying to say is, like, probably out of scope for this demo. So, yes, I agree. Let's just show a chat experience because it sounds like that's gonna be a  
Me: Mhmm.  
Them: heavy channel will be utilized as part of this process. So we can show it in, like, it's simplest form with, obviously, a little bit more AMNs. Specific detail. That sound good? Usually, where does the, chat experience come into play in in, like, let's say, a new applicant workflow? So if if we were to pop it into the current workflow, flow that Eric and I together where Eric starts off the application on the website, but then the abandoned application kicks off the RCS. Would it instead of kicking off an RCS, would it be a chat experience or or from the RCS? Drives back to the website and then populates a chat experience? No. I I I think your RCS experience was great. We definitely need an outbound you know, communication tool for abandon. So you can remove chat from an abandoned app. CutFlow. Okay. But after this page so the Eric, you've gone through two pages now. You've gone through the the first, like, when you put your email in, we use that to confirm someone has an application already with us or not, and we should even let them continue.  
Me: Mhmm.  
Them: We use the page you just went we're on to, confirm consent. This is not what oh, you have resume upload. Anyway, whatever. This normally is, a three page 16 form ish like, normal application fill. This is the part where we would rather it be  
Me: K.  
Them: you know, a chat experience or a resume parser for a NetBoo candidate. This is where instead of having to fill out every single thing, ideally, they upload a resume. Fills it out. They can we're like, oh, what's your date of birth? They give it oh, what's your they give it the chat make it easy. So if you you would then, like, abandon that chat and then the RCA  
Me: Gotcha.  
Them: kind of flow would kick off. Okay.  
Me: Okay.  
Them: I think the probably the most excuse me, Sorry. Was, like, eating lunch in front of all the time. But, probably the most applicable use for a chat for us is going to be something embedded in our mobile app passport. To support job search, to support, hey. We need this Your work experience needs to be updated or you're missing this credential or hey. I need help with my time card. You know, do that, like like, something some kind of, like, pretty robust experience inside Passport that would call LMs or various KBs or whatever the case, you know, however we're gonna, you know, orchestrate that.  
Me: Right.  
Them: That would be the that's, like, the main ask for a chat on our side of victimless  
Me: Okay.  
Them: impact. But  
Me: But, no, it's super helpful. We so we can we can integrate  
Them: Okay.  
Me: the chat at this at this stage and then have the abandon from the chat  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: trigger the RCS. And then we'll build out and refine the agent to get more of that missing data, writing it back. To show that how that can populate the CRM ultimately. I think that that adds a ton of value, it sounds like. So  
Them: And and Let me let me let me give it to you one one more. Right? Just to make sure this this really lands through. Let's say, Eric, you are, you are a a returning AMN user.  
Me: Mhmm.  
Them: You're great. You haven't logged in in a long time, and we're like, hey. Come back. Roslyn, you look at password every day because you really want a new job. We need I need engines running on both outbound and inbound to make the experience great for both of you. Eric, you showed the outbound one with the voice call. So call a candidate to reengage them and get bring them back. That's great. Solid. 10 out 10. Rosalyn, what we're what we need for you is something inside pass where you don't have to manually search for jobs. You can open up your chat. Say, hey. I want an ICU job making $2,000 a week in Michigan. Great. It and then it, like, storing your preferences in segment or whatever, sending them to, you know, our recruiter dashboard. It's both of those things working in tandem. For different audience populations. Yeah. I think we were trying to show what you just described with me in, like, an RCS use case. So for Eric and Pernita, we can just do that in chat. Okay. Yeah. RCS is outbound. We need it. I wanna see the inbound one. Yeah. On those. Okay.  
Me: Okay.  
Them: Perfect. Thanks, everyone. That's really clean, though.  
Me: Thanks. I appreciate the feedback. It's it's helpful to to get us to refine it. So  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: I don't think it these are monumental changes. I think they're just you know, refinements that we need to make. So that's good.  
Them: Is there anything else we're missing? Or everything else looks good from what you've seen today? The the only the only point that I think we didn't really hit on and I I think it can be kind of tied in maybe verbally when we show kind of the recruiter dashboard is going to be customer support. And what that experience looks like because that can happen at any point in time. And we do need, you know, customer source to be able to, you know, create a ticket and and see conversations and and have, you know, access to the same, you know, type of, you know, candidate, you know, profile that recruitment has, that credentialing has, that Kyle and his team has here. So across the board, I I I think we saw a lot of, like, customer support capabilities. But  
Me: What are what tools are are customers so it sounds like where should we be thinking about where customer support operates out of and and what's their source of truth?  
Them: So today, they use Regenesis for, customer support. But, like, our other discussions, like, you know, recruiters use Amy, Kyle and I use, you know, BlueShift and and Pop and these other, you know, tools to to send, you know, communication. We're we're not seeing no one really seeing the full picture. So that was asked, like, create a single, you know, profile view. Customer support's not gonna have access to segment, for example. Recruiters are not gonna have access to segment. We would need the same kind of API call to, like, you know, populate that within a customer support platform. But they they show as far as, like, where they show up in the candidate journey, that's, like, anywhere and everywhere somebody's help. Call customers. Well, then just to throw another point on there, some of the the chat enablement in some of the platform services whether you're an existing clinician that's looking for a new opportunity, right, or whether you're a candidate looking for an opportunity, that same chat, assistant would also once you are a clinician, will need to be able to serve that clinician to push them back into the customer support environment. Right? So there's universal experience off of the one interface. And, again, whether you're you know, you're peer to peer in those and you've got one that's embedded in passport, and it's got you know, three other ones that it communicates to to push traffic in multiple directions, whatever that is, we we are looking for that universal experience. And and again and, Rosalyn, I think I've explained this to you, but I I have you know, roughly 12 different support groups on that Genesys that's a part of this replacement. Customer service for the clinicians being one of the 12. Right? There are other groups and other use cases. And and look. The the RFI and and some of the other things that we'll get into, we can get into some of that specific information. But not really warranted for this demo. This is more around the candidate to clinician, existing clinician, and opportunity closing more than anything. Right? Yeah. I think I think we're just trying to get, like, the the point across here. With this demo. But all of that, we have talked about, and we can you know, if Mark wants to continue conversations, we can definitely get more into those details, right, around, which teams are gonna be using it, what teams are on Genesys, what is the experience on Genesys look like today. Know, we've got more supporting teams that will help with those deeper conversations once we do get into the details of the RFI. Well, I and yeah. And, I mean, ultimately, the intent is to put the recruiters and the credentialers on the CCaaS platform. Right? As seats. Right? Now Yep. Again, I think I expressed we want to hide them. Right? They don't understand that we're putting them Yep. On platform. We're not gonna treat them like a traditional CSR. Like the other 232 that we have. Right? They're 1,500 recruiters, 500 credentialers, you know, will be treated little bit differently and how we create their interface. So they're not understanding that we're you know, we're hiding the CCaaS infrastructure behind them to capture every move. We Right? Have hundreds of customers that have built built that exact scenario you're talking about for their billing teams, support teams, sales teams, right, using Twilio, but know they're using Twilio. That's kind of the point. I hear you on that. So any other questions before we nail down timing with Mark? Not a good I know I'm missed sorry, Tucker. I know I missed a lot, so I apologize. I probably listened to the recap, and maybe just follow-up with that. Any have any comments But I think from what I what I gathered, it seems like at least I'm good. Ahead, Tucker. No. I was just gonna say not a not a question, but I do owe you that. The RFI. Yes. I forgot to you, so my bad. But No. Don't don't. So yeah, we'll we'll look for that. So the plan from Twilio is to have this group here. We won't include a partner on that call, but, Todd, I think we should circle up after we speak with Mark. On, you know, the options there if it makes sense to continue the discussion. Well, I look. I'm I'm already gonna tell you. It feels like it's gonna make some sense here with with at least what I'm seeing. Right? I I Absolutely. I think you're your solution's comprehensive enough that we're I'm certainly interested. I mean, Kyle and and Tucker are my my other constituents here. Right? And and then Mark obviously has a say in it. Right? But it's it's a it's a committee decision here. I can promise you that. So For sure. Yeah. I I I would say you and I circle, and we'll get the partner thing figured out and figure out who to get. And, like, you know, don't want you guys to get overwhelmed. Right? Like, we do take crawl, walk, run approaches with customers. Sometimes maybe we start with, like, you maintaining Genesys for a little bit. We know, do a little bit of voice traffic here. We we we do the IVR here. Right? Like, we're gonna work at your pace, but whatever that pace is, that's gonna determine, like, the resources upfront that we need and how soon we need those folks. For sure. Definitely interested. And that pace. Yeah. Person's changing everything and freaking everything out. Rose, real quick too. In the in the document, I'm gonna send that there is gonna think I'm I don't know if I remember mentioned this, but, there's a place to include demo links for as, like, a proof point of all the different areas to replace. It's pretty comprehensive. So if some of them just overlap or whatever or you need to record things or put them into a Volley you know, do do whatever you need to, but, reach out if if you if you have any questions around it. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. The sooner you get that to us, the sooner we can get that turned around. So, Eric and Prenita, what what do you guys think in terms of turning this around for the final presentation? What's your time line? Now I know you can do quick, so be careful. I'll let Eric take that one.  
Me: I I can I can be flexible? Yeah. So, I mean, I could probably turn something around in a in a day or two, like we did like we did for this one. So that's not an not an issue. Just if we can coordinate calendars. But, I mean, yeah, we can move fast if we if needed.  
Them: Okay. You heard it from Eric. So if you wanna share a few times, Todd, that works. This week, next week. I don't you know, just keep us posted, and we can we can make the calendars work. And I haven't really asked this, but are you guys absolute on replacing Genesys? Like, in its entirety? Or are there still some question marks around, like, are we gonna keep Genesys and do some other things here and there? Todd, you're on mute. Sorry. No. We're we're replacing the platform as part of this journey. Like, discussion. So Okay. Great. Unless somebody can't do it, and you're proposing that your CCaaS infrastructure isn't good enough and I need to keep it. That's not what I'm saying at all. I think we can do a lot for you guys. Okay. Well, I mean, you if I'm you, I'm pitching a full replacement here. Right? Yep. And I'm not gonna go stand this up just for that piece and keep Genesis and have multiple platforms. Like like, our whole purpose is to condense, collapse, consolidate these stacks. Okay. Right? We got, like, five communicating. I just wanna make sure I'm accurate on that. And, like, any look. I think any any decision you make is gonna be better than what you have today. I do think Twilio is gonna be the most comprehensive in terms of, like, all the things you wanna do. There has to be, like, an an appetite to build some of these pieces with a partner. Yeah. I mean, every company in here that you're competing against, is saying the same thing. Right? Okay. Although, I think some of them are wholeheartedly admitting that they can't do the whole thing. And that there are pieces of the current ecosystem that they're recommending that we keep in place that I think you are probably one of the few that can potentially replace them all. I don't know. Right? I mean, that that's what this assessment is all about. I had one reach out to me yesterday and say, hey. We we think the sea calves portion of of what they have to offer right now is not a strong as they would like it to be, and they're recommending a hybrid approach. But look. Their AI strategy is very soft. Right? Probably one of the industry leading Yep. AI strategies. So yeah, look, I I think you I think you're in a better spot than maybe you think you are. I I don't know. I'm I mean, I'm very confident in our solution. So I've been selling it for eight years. I like it a lot. I like what I've seen customers do. It's inspiring. You know, we just always wanna make sure that that appetite is there to to do the work. So that's all I'm betting right now. The other the other feeder for you, Rosalyn, is that I don't have to go tear your existing environment out. Yep. I don't have to go tear all the inbound, outbound SMS out. I don't have to go tear SendGrid out. I I like, Yep. If you if you guys can figure out how to not get in your own way, and you're extremely aggressive with the pricing, and you and I need to have some conversations around commercials because I'm telling you, he's not looking on the CCaaS side. Like, look. We get we get some of the money's gonna be in the potentially the pop and some of the blue shift replacement, right, the AI. Components. But I'll just prep you now You're you're you're probably gonna I I don't know. You've worked with me long enough to know that I'm throwing all the Hail Marys on the pricing, but, I'm telling you right now, the CCaaS pricing, you're going to need to be extremely aggressive And it and he's asking for a very, very low cost point on those seats. On that note, because we haven't gone into details, are you able to send me, like, an anonymized invoice from BlueShift and Genesys on just voice calls profiles, things like that? We we we have a a we we kinda keep going back and forth, Tucker. No. I like it. I'm not I'm not asking any money for their opinion anymore. I'm not I'm gonna wrangle you and Bruce and I'll go. Don't wrangle anybody. I'll just send them what what we have. Well, but but it's gotta be the same thing that we're exercising across everybody else. Right? That's I already said already sent it over to. I'm gonna I'm gonna send the exact same thing. You're you're gonna get it, Rosalyn. You're gonna get it. Alright. Look. In your Twilio volumes are gonna be included in there. You already know. Right? You guys are gonna see some benefits there for sure. So we're gonna try to look at this whole picture. We're we're definitely gonna look at the whole picture. I'm working on it Thursday and Friday this week. That's That's why I asked. So, Tucker, the sooner you can get that to me, the sooner I can talk to our finance team. And I've got a couple hour long sessions with them. Just for you guys. So I wanna get something out out to you that you can start to conceptualize. Send it over to Dan. Alright. Thank you very much. Okay. Mark's calendar, Todd. Send an email to Tanya. And myself. And I will make it happen. Thank you very much. Really helpful session. Thank you. And, last thing, if you can send the transcription and the recording to Eric, Pernita, and myself, or just in the Teams, I'll I'll share it with them. Actually, I think you have to share it with their emails, so I'll send you their emails. Okay? Alright. Thank you for the feedback, Todd.  
Me: Thanks, Todd.  
Them: Bye, everyone. Thank you. My friend is coming home from camp just as a heads up, so it might be a little loud in here because he's having a hard day. But.  
Me: I'm used to it, unfortunately.  
Them: Okay, good job, you guys. I'm really impressed. I think they are too. With what we put together. Also sounds like we're in a very strong position, I don't think they would keep talking to us and giving us this time if they weren't impressed. So just want to give you guys kudos. First and foremost.  
Me: Thank you.  
Them: That RFI will be helpful, but I don't, we don't really need, it doesn't sound like we need to get in the weeds of that just yet. How are you guys feeling?  
Me: I feel if it's going to happen this week, I feel nervous given the whole flex part.  
Them: I try to move it to next week. Yeah, I don't want to.  
Me: Yeah. Other than that.  
Them: I think.  
Me: Oh, go ahead, Granita.  
Them: We'll have to engage Maria on the flex piece just to, because I think there's with the centau processor and conversation orchestration and everything. There are a few things that flex, I think, can do and few things that can't do from what I recall with like the ramp demos that we have available today. And how that flex is set up. So I think we'll just want to talk to her and see like she's the best person, pranita. I think on like flex, yes, but we might also just want to talk to the demo engineering team, Eric.  
Me: I was going to say that.  
Them: I would rather we can include Maria as kind of like a fly on the wall, but I'd rather bypass her and just go directly to the engineering. Okay, so maybe like all of our just anyone from all of her team. Yes. So do you want to take that on tomorrow as like an action item? Yeah. And Eric, I'll include you in a conversation with him.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah. Let's do that.  
Them: And you can include me too. Like include me on everything. I don't know that I'll join everything, but I would love to be part of those conversations too. Okay.  
Me: And then maybe we could share the recording of the demo and the repo in case we can build on top of it. But I fear, what I'm hoping is that we don't have to replatform the entire demo to get.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: But let's, let's, let's consult with them because they.  
Them: Do this.  
Me: They, they, they can do this very fast.  
Them: And then I need to start like meeting with partners and our deal does to this conversation's pricing is so complicated. I am literally trying to like figure this out as quickly as I can, but it's. It's a lot.  
Me: And much better than I can. So.  
Them: So I think I'm going to have to meet with someone and deal to just help me a little bit. Other than that though. Good job. Like I think they were impressed. So I think we're actually coming from a very strong position how it's all going to iron out the details. Who knows? I think like the AI thing was a good, like little asterisk for us though. Like I think the Twilio AI strategy is obviously still like getting figured out here internally. We all know that.  
Me: Yeah, well, I noticed that, too. I think we could be a little, I could, I could have been a little clearer on, like, like the summaries and the observations and the, and the AI were running on top of the, like the communication channel exhaust. Like, I think we can lean heavier into that for sure.  
Them: Yeah. So maybe. Yeah, just a little bit more detail on the AI stuff, I think. And Mark, I know is like, that's all he cares about.  
Me: Yeah. Okay.  
Them: How are you leveraging more AI as part of your solution?  
Me: Cool. Gotcha.  
Them: So I guess that was the other question is like which part of these different components is the most important to them? And I guess if we were to rank them for mark, it would be number one. So he wants, I guess to see how AI is being used throughout the entire process. And then who is the segment CDP plus orchestration piece of getting that contextual data? To, I guess stitch everything together. Would that be correct, Roslyn? Yeah, I think he marks like, okay, like, are we going to be better with AI and what does that actually mean? What is the AI and then cost, I think. And then yeah, I think to your point, like how is this all kind of like work together and give our people context and things like that. But I don't think he's a details guy. I think he's a high level guy is my takeaway. So like I would say spend time on the details with AI and then everything else just if he doesn't ask any questions, right? Like just try to be high level and succinct. But provide, provide like enough detail that. Like hits the intelligence components, I would say, of every single part of this journey.  
Me: Okay.  
Them: Okay. That was a really like broad statement. Yeah. I think you guys know already. So is my point. And Eric, I'm assuming you're going to be handling the demo right moving forward.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: I think it just for.  
Me: We can operate under that assumption, even if demo engineering builds parts of it. Like, I'm happy to deliver the parts that they build. I don't have an issue with that. And then we could just bring fill back into the fold as he comes back. But, yeah, it's moving fast and there's context moving around everywhere, so that's fine.  
Them: You. Okay, I just mean from a scheduling perspective, like should I focus more on your calendar or phyllis calendar?  
Me: I would prioritize me and I would make him, I would make him optional, and then we'll kind of see how things shake out.  
Them: Okay. Cool sounds good. I'm excited to tell Blake about this. So maybe.  
Me: Tell Blake, I said, hi. I haven't seen him in a while.  
Them: I will. I.  
Me: One, one question, pranita, real quick. Should I go ahead and start building out the chat functionality in the, in the web app independent of what demo engineering might do or not do here? Just start that?  
Them: Think so because you'll just be using the conversations API, not the conversation suite, but like the messaging conversations API to builds that.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Chat interface. And I don't know how important it will be for them to kind of see like maybe SMS to chat or just chat to chat. But it does take in users from different. You know, platforms as well with the chat.  
Me: I've never played around with it. So let me, let me, let me start messing with it a little bit. I, it's, I claim ignorance on it a little bit, but I'll get up to speed on it quickly and start integrating it in.  
Them: Okay. Yeah. The cleanest way is probably just if when you're on that. AMN, like maybe main homepage and you just say like, oh, I'm looking for XYZ job and then it's just an AI bot behind it doing the question and answer back and forth. The thing is that flex, as you know, also has a track component to it. So I don't know if we want to link that directly to flex and use. That as a. Escalation point to speak recruiter as well. It's so dry. Oh, sorry guys. Oh no, you're. Good. So that's maybe something to think about. But even the flex chat feature is built on conversations. I don't know if that used things. But.  
Me: Now let me, let me start playing around with it a little bit. This afternoon, and then let's chat with, let's try to get with the demo engineering team as soon as possible. And see where we need to fill in gaps. And, and. Get this working a little better.  
Them: I'm going to just shoot over sometimes for next week if he pushes back and says we want to meet this week. Well, if we had to meet this week, I'll send one time. Maybe for this week, like on Thursday or Friday. Yeah. And then all of a sudden one time for Thursday. And then you guys, oh, you have an in-person meeting next week, Eric.  
Me: I'm in. Oh, yeah, I'm in Hilton head for off sites. But, you know,  
Them: Can you step away?  
Me: Yeah, this is a priority. Over whatever it is that we're doing there.  
Them: Okay. Okay.  
Me: Besides melting and 95 degree heat with 100 humidity.  
Them: Yeah. Oh my God. Who picked that location?  
Me: So. I don't know. It's my, my family and I vacation there once a year, and we love it for vacation.  
Them: Yeah, I was going to say that's pretty nice though.  
Me: But it's an odd place to have a team offsite. But yes, schedule, I mean, to the extent that you can, like, make it at the end or beginning of the day, like would be better, but, like, I'll make whatever work. It doesn't matter.  
Them: Okay. Yeah. I'll do or try to do early times. Earlier times. It's better for me too.  
Me: Yeah. So. Yeah, I can be flexible.  
Them: And then you have a nine to 10 a.m. pacific. So 12. Oh, is that just lunch? Yes, every day that's lunch at 12 to 1 p.m. eastern. Okay. Yeah. Okay, cool.  
Me: Okay. Cool.  
Them: All right. Thanks everyone.  
Me: All right, talk soon. Take care.  
Them: All right. Thank you.  
Me: Bye. 